today we have a lot of machines
in the kitchens and eventually they
take a lot of space and this one
besides being light with pretty and then
in addition to go all final so it's
practice the challenge of this afternoon it's
to show you that we can actually
used the baby born with their eyes closed
so watch it's gone we cancel the
hoe s just place to remove
a capsule teaches of course know
we put the news to take a
beyond you place a lob last one
closes the button and has
activated then a little tip your
business box is over go fast
then especially do not take the small
tip know you in com account to play
like that lyon here is nothing and here you are
now you do very well on the
machine you have a light for them
capsules and a light for hbo so
when you turn on you know if there is
a capsule so severe course
if they ever miss water the
cseries years we have a nose that adapted to
the age of the child who brings everything
which is necessary in terms of speed
of composition we are reassured because
behind we have a big house that have
guaranteed the chicken composition and which
gives us a safe thing
which is very important when we are
parent we acquit 80 know what there is
behind what is given to his child